# Project Lead Meeting 7/29/18
## Team Updates

- We have new CSS.
- Things are cool.
- LAUNCH IN A WEEK
- How are our project status's, do we have enough time?  Need help with organization?

![We're fine](https://media.giphy.com/media/z9AUvhAEiXOqA/giphy.gif)

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:
- Maya and Duc on the repo.
- They have install and it worked.

_QUESTIONS_:
- Anything for us?

_TO DO_:
- Issues.
- Make sure Duc and Maya are OK.

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:
- N/A

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
- They learned how to install are contributing to their assigned issues.

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:
- DOcker docker file that spins up XPRA and OS JS and was able to intergrate them
- scrapping os

_QUESTIONS_:
- what should we be including in all dokcer files
- can docker files "extend" each other

_TO DO_:
- build some inital docker starter packs
- build webapp for intergrationn

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:
- good

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
- i hope so

## front end

_UPDATES_:  Everything renders, cosmetic issues and feature implementations remain

_QUESTIONS_: 

_TO DO_: Fix issues and do feature implementations, test frantically, merge and rebase by August 3, I'd like about 4-6 users so we could parallelize test flows.  As soon as the visuals are ready CSS-wise, coordinate with me so we could merge them into redux-refactor before the merge into master.

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:  Okay for the most part, still waiting on tests

_How much react change to expect?_:  Shouldn't be much from what's there

## one app ios

_UPDATES_: Linter is good to go now! Although macOS but might change to Linux later

_QUESTIONS_: May need some opinion about my team's learning speed and how other teams are doing with new architects.

_TO DO_: Design the One App iOS.  See where my architects are in with learning Swift and Xcode.

## one app android

_UPDATES_:  
* We decided to use google's version of MVVM architecture
* We've added an about page where we give a shoutout to RnD

_QUESTIONS_:  
None boi

_TO DO_:  
* Change package structure to reflect MVVM architecture
* Write very specific github issues with implementation guides for contributors
* Possibly set up voice chat sessions where we work together and contributors can ask me questions in real time

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:  
I haven't reached out to any alum ðŸ˜¬ 

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:  
Yea they're starting to contribute, but I think I need to be more available while their learning Android dev to guide them

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
solved strange db bug

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
update user roles on login

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:
pretty ok, I'm thinking about adding some ci/cd stuff and he seems exited about that

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
not yet, we got together individually on Tuesday and a showed her through screen cast about
how meteor at least seems to work and some details on lcs. she's not back on campus or
something but once she is, in like a week or so I think, she'll have more time to contribute.
she has an idea of what feature she wants to work on.

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
