# Project Lead Meeting *08/19/18*
## Team Updates

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_: We have had meetings.  Team is recovering from work.  Still just me for now. SOS will iOS for food.

_QUESTIONS_: Can we get a prototype by Hackcon?


_TO DO_: MORE DOCUMENTATION AND MORE DOCUMENTATION.

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
