# Project Lead Meeting 10/28/2018
## Team Updates

- All is decent
- Please confirm the number of architects you want (we wrote down what you put last week)
- Please follow up with what we need to ask if we still want a UX designer, though it's getting a little late,
  so next week deadline for this HackRU.
- We sent out interviews to Sam and Shivan. We will continue interviewing and briefing Mickey and Kabir on the
  process.
- If you want architects, please prepare an interview question. Reach out to us (or `#project-leads`) if you need help.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Num architects_: 0

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_: We are going to put together a survey to ask about possible changes to the front end.  We are meanwhile fixing things that are currently actionable - like having a bad dependency for some of our tests. We anticipate Sam and Shivan's onboarding.

_QUESTIONS_: Not at this time

_TO DO_: Document, test, and also fix some of the disgusting looks on the admin dash

_Num architects_: 2

## one app ios

_UPDATES_: Continuing documentation and learning existing code

_QUESTIONS_: I can't push to https://github.com/HackRU/one-app-ios-s18.git, unsure if I have permissions

_TO DO_:
Question for interviews:
1. What are other iOS projects you've worked on?
2. How would you parse a slack message into plain English? (preferably in Swift)

Note: I'm redeploying Android, Ryan Goldstein is deploying iOS.

_Num architects_: 1-2 more

## one app android

_UPDATES_: None

_QUESTIONS_: None

_TO DO_:  
* Document
* Clean up some code

_Num architects_: 0

## sledge

_UPDATES_: Organized some of the server code

_QUESTIONS_: *none*

_TO DO_: Clean up the client code so it's readable enough for new architects to work off of

_Num architects_: 2, let me vet though

## team builder

_UPDATES_: Meeting this week (first time after HackRU Fall 2018)

_QUESTIONS_: N/A 

_TO DO_: Make a plan for next sem, overall project concept 

_Num architects_: 3 (no new architects)

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
made some documentation for meteor basics and also how the lcs integrations work
did research for rewrite. my curent suggestion is firebase.

_QUESTIONS_:
gangsta's don't ask questions

_TO DO_:
fix role update behavior.
redo design document for firebase

_Num architects_: 1-2

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## VHX Scheduler and sponsor dash (In RFC - see https://github.com/HackRU/handbook/pull/74 )

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS:_

_TO DO_:

_Num architects_: 2

