# Project Lead Meeting *10/21/2018*
## Team Updates


- Incoming Directors - Mickey/Kabir
- Sunny -> Taking over for iOS lead
- Amulya -> Take over for TeamBuilder lead
- Ryan --> Take over frontend
- We’re looking at UX designers for the upcoming HackRU.
  - We don’t think we need a *web* designer (they do CSS which we think we’re good enough for),
  - Please let us know if you think your project needs UX fixes (we have a section just for you)
  - We’re voting on the theme right now, but we also think that anything worth a UX designer should warrant deeper questions about how our tech is working out for users
- Team Meeting Friday (10/26) @ 6pm (SERC 205)

## (New) Directors

 _UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS:_
Let’s talk about this UX thing

_TO DO_
I need to be transferred to lcs? - mickey

## lcs

_UPDATES_:
NA

_QUESTIONS:_
When can I steal Mickey/Kabir?

 _Current Architects:_
Duc (but I want him on a more lax team)

 _Number of New Architects Requested:_
1 (Mickey/Kabir?)

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_:
NA

_TO DO_:
- Figure out recruits/personnel
- Tests.
- Docs.

## front end

_UPDATES_: Shivan sent his app, Sam not yet

_QUESTIONS:_ Hiring someone is being put on the burner a bit because of Rutgers Admin - maybe we should in-house for another semester

_Current Architects:_ Ryan, Kabir, Myself

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ 2(Shivan and Sam)

_TO DO_: Ryan will be front end lead

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_: We have heard a lot of feedback.  Some people like the dashboard/website layout, others want to set it on fire.  We’d like to know what elements work and what don’t.  I.e. what is the preferred way to present information to users?  

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS:_ What is iOS

_Current Architects:_
- Sunny
- Qasim

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ 1 (replace Ross?)

_TO DO_: Ramp up on iOS
Documentation

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_:
Sidebar like with Android app? Or keep the same?

## one app android

_UPDATES_:
None

_QUESTIONS:_
None

_Current Architects:_
Dhruvil, Ridwaan, Dhrishti. These people are more than welcome but they aren’t forced to be on the android team if they don’t want to. 

_Number of New Architects Requested:_
None. We gucci.

_TO DO_:
- Document
- Clean up code

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_:
Hackers were generally uneducated about the existence of the mobile apps. This was RnD’s fault because we finished close to the deadline. Next time, we should make sure that marketing material is sent out about the mobile apps.

## sledge

_UPDATES_: none

_QUESTIONS:_ How many bottle caps do you think are on Rutgers campus at this very moment?

_Current Architects:_ Eric, Kirollos

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ 2
- React and Node

_TO DO_: everything from last week

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_: nothing

## team builder

_UPDATES_: new lead

_QUESTIONS:_

_Current Architects:_ Rishab, Amulya, Bryan

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ Haven’t decided

_TO DO_: Make new schedule, delegate work

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_: Colors? Structure? What it is generally so we can make a matching design

## snackRU

_UPDATES_: aaaaaa

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_: we have not accomplished as much as i’d like

_Current architects_: Michelle, Mazaya

_Number of new architects requested_: 0 (for now)

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_: We can copy whatever you do for the website design

## helpq - Pending

_UPDATES_:
Design documents
What API would look like
Boiler plate for server
ESlint

_QUESTIONS:_

_Current Architects:_ .5

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ 1-2 + Project Lead

_TO DO_:
Go over design with carlin

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_:

## VHX Scheduler and sponsor dash (In RFC - see https://github.com/HackRU/handbook/pull/74 )

_UPDATES_: None

_QUESTIONS:_ Need Spec

_Current Architects:_ Sri(me)

_Number of New Architects Requested:_ Not sure depends on spec
1-2

_TO DO_:
-Talk to finance and VHX teams to see what they want
- Decide languages

_What would you like to ask in terms of the UX of HackRU?_:
Uhhh whats UX?
