# Project Lead Meeting 11 Nov 2018
## Team Updates

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:

## VHX/Travel/Sponsorship

_UPDATES_:
- Not much got spec for all the projects will update soon

_QUESTIONS_: 
- I'll ask once I finish looking over spec

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:


[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:
- archiecture
- begin coding

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_: Some documentation clean up

_QUESTIONS_: n/a

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_: Haven't thought of one yet. Maybe just have them get sledge running from the instructions?

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_: the same things as last week

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
removed override logic so it can be done from vhx scheduler
stated redoing redesign plan with ideas of firebase

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:
yes

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:
spit polish
work on a prototype
make sure documentation and redesign plan both make sense

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_INTERVIEW_QUESTION_READY_:

[//]: # (don't actually put the question here)

_TO DO_:
